I was trying to show you all this
beautiful little squirrel before I
started. He's
hungry; he's eating french
fries. He grabbed that french fry and
he's going up the
tree. You see him up
there? He's a fat thing;
he likes french
fries. God is so good. Don't you just love
nature? I have a better
angle. All right, let's see here. Well, we
just came from Victory Church in Tulsa
and we went to see John Bevere with my
family. And you know, on
the way to
the church today, the Lord showed me
that massive revival again and he
spoke to me about being hungry. He
said, 'Brandon, never lose your
hunger for what's
coming.'He
said, 'You must remain hungry;
keep yourself stirred up for what's
coming, being filled with the Holy
Spirit.'It's
so
vital to go and get in those rivers
whenever you have a speaker come to
your church like that. I've
never visited Victory
in
Tulsa; we've always gone over to
Collinsville. But
when I was going over there, the Lord
showed me the caps of the wells again
and the great revival. He spoke to me
and he said, 'Brandon, I'm going to use
this church.'He's looking for people
who will just say
yes. He's looking for people because he said,
'Brandon, I'm running out of time.'There
are
so many ministers right now
that he's tugging at their
hearts; he's tugging at their
heartstrings, saying, 'Will you be a vessel
that will help me bring in the harvest?
Will you be those people that God can
use in this last outpouring?'There
are
so many people that if they just have
a little bit of a check going,
'I don't know,'he's going to bypass
you. He's out of time; he's not going to
sit there and
try to coerce you into being part of
this revival. If you are a vessel that
wants to be used in the revival, you're
going to be used. I believe it's all
hands on deck; this is an
all-hands-on-deck
type scenario. If your heart is
hungry and thirsty for
the
Lord, get ready, because in this
scenario, he is looking
for those that seek him—they will find him.
Those that knock, the door will be opened
unto them. I'm telling you all,
when I went into this church at
Victory—and
usually I steer away from
megachurches
a lot; I worked at one
and I saw all the drama
behind the scenes, you know, that's just
my
opinion—so
Diana and I kind of gravitate
towards smaller churches. But when we
went in there, the presence of the Lord
was so strong and the people going
down to the altar worshipping the Father,
it was genuine. You look for: is
this a show?
I always have my
spiritual antennas up. When people say,
'Are you judging them?'No, I'm discerning.
And I genuinely discerned a
spiritual hunger in these
people. The Lord showed me that it
was about the
Mabee
Center and the glorious
outpouring and the uncapping of
the wells that were back
in the 1950s. I told you, from Jack Coe
to Oral
Roberts to Kathryn Kuhlman to
William Branham, to all the greats that
used to walk in the healing movement and
the
revival—it
was the same thing.
I'm telling you, they barely touched a
thimbleful
of what God's about
to do in these end times. We will finish
this up, and he has called you for such a
time as this. He saved the best for
last; that's what he was showing me:
'Brandon, I've saved the best for
last.'And
right
now, he said, 'I'm tugging at the people's
hearts to see who is for me, who
will go and preach the gospel to this
final
generation.'He
said, 'Fan the flame of hunger;
never lose the hunger for me. Keep me
a
priority in your life.'I just want
to encourage you all to be excited about
what God is about to do in this
end-time
army.
Diana
and
I
can see it;
we both felt
it. I said, 'My goodness, didn't you,
babe?'It's
amazing how hungry the people
are. I really believe,
tangibly,
with
Oral
Roberts University being
there and how hungry those kids
are, you could see them there. Megan's
handing in the
to-go
box. Bill Johnson is going
to be there tonight and he's going to be
preaching, and I've never heard him
live before, so we're going to go listen.
The
old wells—so Bill
Johnson's coming and he's going to
preach three services, I believe.
I've never heard him live before, so I
thought, 'Well, let's go and check it
out.'I
guess he has Bethel Church out in
California.
I'm just hungry for y'all.
I know what
I've seen about the plague and the
things that the Lord has told me
about it. I made a video on it
but I haven't released it. The Lord
showed me more about this; I had an
open-eyed vision about four days ago, and
he showed me
dates.
I'm just keeping
that to myself right now, just praying
over it, because I don't want to
be hasty in releasing something just
because I see it.
Because of how the platform has grown, I
think it's wisdom to pray over
things a lot more and not be
so quick.
Right now, he said, 'Fan the
flame. Go on YouTube and fan the flame.
Get people excited about what's
coming—a
major harvest of
souls.'Look
at all the things.
In
the first week of Trump
being in office, all the change that is
happening. Hasn't it been amazing, Diana?
He's done more in the first week of his
presidency than Joe Biden did in his whole
four years. It's
been incredible.
Even with the Prince of Saudi
Arabia—I
started, I went, 'Oh
my God, he's doing a deal with
MBS.'He's
like, 'I think we can make
it a
trillion-dollar
deal.'It's
just amazing
to see the end times unfolding right
in front of our faces. I believe we will
see in the days ahead a great
acceleration of Turkey helping out
Syria.
When I
was praying, the Lord showed me that the
Temple Mount, the Third Temple in
Jerusalem,
is about to be built.
Trump
will have a major part in bringing forth
the peace accord with Saudi Arabia and
these other nations, and we will see
the Third Temple be built in
a short amount of time. I'm not going to
tell you when, but I'm
telling you it's coming. Get ready,
because
we're seeing
something that has to happen so that the
Lord Jesus Christ is coming back.
We're in
that last generation; we are the
generation that will not taste
death. We are the generation that will
experience the great outpouring, a
spiritual awakening. Billie said,
'Brandon, it's bigger than a revival.'Because I said, 'A revival
is coming, Mrs.
Billie.'And
she said, 'No, an awakening unto God is
coming.'Billie
said,
'An awakening unto God is a
generation of people who are filled
with and controlled by the Holy
Spirit.'Diana's
going
to
look that up
for us so
I can
get it precise.
Where did that squirrel
go? Oh, he dropped the
french fry on the limb
up there. He's looking at me going,
'What is he doing down there?'He
doesn't
trust me; he's freaking
out. Everybody want to say hi to
Braden?
There's my boy; that's Braden. He's the
one that does the videos for you
all the time. I'd show
you my Paisley, but I still keep her
secret right now because she's so young.
Megan's in the back seat laying down.
She just got her belly full of a
hamburger.
An awakening
is when God sovereignly pours out his
spirit and it impacts a culture. That is
what happened during the Jesus
Revolution.
A revival,
on the other hand, is what the church
most experiences; it's when the church
comes back to life
and
returns
to passion.
America needs a spiritual awakening,
but the church needs a revival. It's
a
bigger impact.
Just like she was talking
about the Welsh Revival. In
the Welsh
Revival, they had to
retrain the
mules for the miners because they were
so used to being spoken to with
profanity that when the fire of God
showed up and changed them, they
had to retrain those donkeys
because they didn't know how to
do the commands
without
profanity. The revival changes you
from the inside out.
The Lord's going to change you from the
inside out;
he
will deliver you from
generational curses.
Abraham was
a father of
many nations. It was a generational thing.
What
John Bevere said he called his rabbi friend,
and his rabbi friend was
telling him that it was 'I'll bless
you,'and
he repeats it three times in
that Bible verse.
It was
generational, changing your
bloodline in the
spirit realm.
We are
changing what you
thought—well,
'My dad was a
drunkard, and
his dad was a
drunkard.'It
will stop with me.
I will be the one in my generation
that will break the family
curses.
As for
me and
my house, we will serve the Lord.
We're barrier
breakers. I'm telling you, it's time to look up, for our redemption is drawing nigh. 2025 will be
a
year
of
great
outpouring.
We're going to
start
to
see
a
major
turnaround
starting, I
believe, from Rosh Hashanah to Rosh Hashanah. The Lord said
this to me: 'Brandon, we're going
to start to see a major turnaround of
things.'We
see the first fruits of
President Trump coming on the scene and
changing things for the better.
What the devil meant for bad,
God's going to turn it around for good.
In
this next four years
until the next Shmita cycle,
we
have
a window to bring in the lost.
Even if it's four years until the next
Shmita
cycle,
we have a great opportunity to go home
in the Rapture of the church by 2028.
The Tribulation will kick off at the
next Shmita cycle; it will be a
seven-year window of tribulation.
We would start to see this temple being
built,
like the Lord told me—that Trump
would have a hand in bringing in
the peace accord with Saudi Arabia
so that they can build
the Third Temple.
What will we do with what God has
given us?
Especially you pastors: have a
church ready for the Holy Spirit to move
in.
Are you all in?
Have
you said, 'Yes, Lord, here am I, use me'?
Diana
and I are
saying, 'Yes, here am I, Lord, use
us.'If
he can use me,
folks, he can use you.
I was just a janitor. I
cleaned
floors for hours
and I just said, 'God, use
me. Send me to the
nations.'Braden
was
a little boy; I'd sit
him on my lap and
we'd
pray in the Holy Spirit.
We have a
compassion for the lost.
He will
do something with those that are hungry.
Just sell out today. Never lose
that childlike
expectation, kind of like on Christmas
morning, that
Daddy's going to come
through.
He gives us an expected end; he has
good things for
us. I think a lot of times
people get weary in well-doing
and you lose that sense of awe, like John
Bevere
was talking about in
his book
today.
Don't lose your
awe
for him because he's worthy of
it all. All this other
crap is just
what it is.
We
just
wanted to encourage y'all today.
We were just
sitting here looking at the squirrel.
I
saw the
squirrel and his
french fry he left up there.
I wanted to
be like Bob Ross and say, 'Hey, little
peanut-in-the-pocket
squirrel, how are you doing, little
buddy?'We
sit out
here
in the car because Megan doesn't like to get
out much.
We got
Starlink up here, so we are
able to do our internet and download our
videos through
our mobile command center.
Braden
got
an
Apple computer;
we're so
thankful for the person that
sowed
that to him.
We're
humbled. Never
take for granted the small things.
My heart's just
full.
We believe that Megan's going
to be completely healed.
You know, he
said, 'Do you trust
me?'If
anything
was
to happen with Diana and me, it will
help take care of her when we're gone.
And those are the things we have to
say: 'Do we trust
him?'I
say,
'Lord, I believe, but help my
unbelief,'because
right now I'm weak and
having a hard time because I
see my daughter is still overcoming.
You
can't let fear steal that peace.
Diana doesn't have
a problem with her weight; she's always
Steady
Eddie.
Is our peanut-in-the-pocket squirrel up
there again?
He's looking at us like, 'Go away,
dude.'Well,
you can look around;
there's a nice Olive
Garden over there.
Father,
I
thank
you
for every single one of
these
people.
We call their marriages
restored. We
believe
for babies, for supernatural childbirth. We
for creative ideas
for jobs.
If you could like
this video and subscribe.
We have
all these other
channels—Portuguese,
French, Hindi,
Spanish, Korean, Chinese, Filipino, Russian, Vietnamese,
and
Japanese.
It's all done through AI.
He said, 'Minister to my people
while
it is day, for night is
coming.'Put
a smile on your face and
a song on your heart. Jesus loves you so
much. God bless you all,
and we will see you again soon. Bye-bye.